= frostbitten

Gem that provides RCON commands for frostbite 2 engine games. BF3, BFBC2 and so on

== Example usage

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'frostbitten'
  client = Frostbitten::Client.new("fbrcon://yourserver:yourport")
  client.send "serverinfo"
   => ["OK", "[x86] - Pew Pew! - [HC] - No limitations", "0", "32", "ConquestSmall0", "MP_Subway", "0", 
   "2", "2", "350", "350", "0", "", "true", "true", "false", "427121", "246028", "188.126.64.19:25270", 
   "v1.863 | A1386 C2.317", "true", "EU", "ams", "SE", "true"] 

=== Another usage
  require 'rubygems'
  require 'frostbitten'
  Frostbitten::setup("fbrcon://yourserver:yourport")
  Frostbitten::players
   => [#<Frostbitten::Player deaths="0" guid="" kills="9" name="-I-Kaktus-I-" score="2291" squad_id="32" 
   team_id="1">, #<Frostbitten::Player deaths="1" guid="" kills="0" name="Umalswe" score="210" squad_id="3"
    team_id="1">]

== Method
Implemented methods:
  * serverinfo
  * listPlayers
  * mapList.list

More to come

== Contributing to frostbitten
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 Emil Palm. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.
